Started with v0.10 (#3)
boa-dev/boa-dev.github.io: _posts/2020-09-30-boa-release-10.md

Boa also exists to serve as a Rust implementation of the EcmaScript specification, there will be areas where we can utilise Rust and its fantastic ecosystem to make a fast, concurrent and safe engine.

We have a long way to go, however v0.10 has been the biggest release to date, with over 133 issues closed.

We have some highlights, but if you prefer to read the full changelog, you can do that here. @todo add link

## Test262

One question we've been asked for a long time is "how conformant are you to the spec?". It's been tough to answer as we've been unable to run against the official test suite.

Test262 is the official ECMAScript Test Suite and exists to provide conformance tests for the latest drafts of the Ecma specification. It is used for all engines, you can even run it in your [browser](https://bakkot.github.io/test262-web-runner/).  
Thanks to @Razican in v0.10 we now have a test harness that allows us to run it against Boa at any time.

This is a new crate inside the Boa repository that can parse through all of the tests (roughly 40,000 of them) in under 10 minutes and tell us how conformant we are.

![image](/images/2020-09-30/test262-screenshot.png)

> Today Boa has 17.81% conformity to the specification. We'll be keeping an eye on this number over the releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today Boa has 18.27% conformity to the specification. We'll be keeping an eye on this number over the releases.
```
